Update iOS Sidebar Documentation (#4057)
MvvmCross/MvvmCross: docs/_documentation/plugins/ios-sidebar.md

category: Plugins
---

## Setup

> You must override `CreateViewPresenter` in your `MvxIosSetup` class too tell MvvmCross to use the `MvxSidebarPresenter` instead of the default [iOS ViewPresenter](https://www.mvvmcross.com/documentation/platform/ios/ios-view-presenter?scroll=678).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must override `CreateViewPresenter` in your `MvxIosSetup` class too tell MvvmCross to use the `MvxSidebarPresenter` instead of the default [iOS ViewPresenter](https://www.mvvmcross.com/documentation/platform/ios/ios-view-presenter).
```

```c#
protected override IMvxIosViewPresenter CreateViewPresenter()
{
    return new MvxSidebarPresenter((MvxApplicationDelegate) ApplicationDelegate, Window);
}
```

> <I>Don't worry, `MvxSidebarPresenter` inherits all of the capabilities of the default view presenter.</I>

Reviewer: I would probably change this up a bit like:

```suggestion
> Note: `MvxSidebarPresenter` inherits all of the capabilities of the default view presenter
```
